fix: add new var + remove duplicate + reorg alphabetically (#951)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow: docs/user/FlowVariables.md

|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `CTS_BUF_CELL`        | The buffer cell used in the clock tree.                                                                      |
| `FILL_CELLS`          | Fill cells are used to fill empty sites.    								       |
| `HOLD_SLACK_MARGIN`   | Specifies a time margin for the slack when fixing hold violations. This option allow you to overfix.         |
| `SETUP_SLACK_MARGIN`  | Specifies a time margin for the slack when fixing setup violations.                                          |

> | 'TNS_END_PERCENT'     | Specifies how many percent of violating paths to fix [0-100]. Worst path will always be fixed                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TNS_END_PERCENT`     | Specifies how many percent of violating paths to fix [0-100]. Worst path will always be fixed                |

```
